Features goes to 6.x branch (#44875)
symfony/symfony: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

 - Always add tests and ensure they pass.
 - Bug fixes must be submitted against the lowest maintained branch where they apply
   (lowest branches are regularly merged to upper ones so they get the fixes too.)

>  - Features and deprecations must be submitted against branch 6.x.

Reviewer: 6.1?

Reviewer: I don't know if we need a specific branch here actually, it's already above :man_shrugging:

Author: Yes, it's kinda redundant. Maybe we should remove the whole line since it's stated above (except deprecations).

Reviewer 2: Maybe:

```suggestion
 - Features and deprecations must be submitted against the latest branch.
```
